1

1. User’s registered under Different Business should be directed through – URL Paysecure247.com (at present it is done at
url fairplayofficial.com
2. Given all websites different designs with own home page content. So that it would’t appear that all the 3 domains are
run under same project. That’s why we have taken different domain names for each segment.
3. In investor panel when an Investor logs in ask him to use a plan 25k/50k/1 lac/ 2 lac – after selction of plan show him
Withdrawal request of equivalent to 110% of plan amount he has choosen. > Now he can start making payments
(investments). He can choose one any of the available payments to complete his target one by one (choosen payment
will not be visible to other investor for next 7 minutes (keep this dynamic controllable by admin panel). This is done to
to give time to investor to complete his payment. After completion of stipulated time the locked payment will be
available to other users/Investors.
4. How admin will be identify that a particular user is registered under which business?? At present this is not visible to
me in admin panel and user panel.
5. I have just registered a user under business name “Mahavir” by the name Raju dummy as user but it is not visible under
that business to me.
6. I have made a widrawal request from rajudummy request reached successfully to “Mahavir” business and business is
able to approve it as well. But problem is how business will identify that he is his user or not ?? Allow business to set or
allocate some code for his users so that business can easily identify.
7. Remove this word P2P from everywhere on platform. Please replace it by Platform Payment.
8. Don’t allow user to cancel withdrawal request submitted by him. A request needs to cancelled by Concerned business
or admin only. Give user a time tat of 2 minutes with timer (dynamic which will be set by admin) so that user can
cancel/edit it within that time frame only. Once the time TAT is over only then send his this request to business for
approval and once the request is approved by business then user cannot cancel the widrawal request. Apply this for
investors withdrawal requests also. And give a note to user/investor that once request is approved it cannot be
edited/deleted.
9. When a investor accepts any withdrawal for making payment show him stop watch clearly stating that if any payment is
submitted after time over it will not be Valid/Accepted. ( show him timer of 5 minutes to submit the request but in
backend don’t show the particular payment (widrawal) to any one for atleast 7 minutes.
10. Whenever user/investor gives his upi id please system to convert it to scanner/QR code as well.
11. Ticket raised by user is visible to admin but it is not showing to concerned business please check.